Markov Moves!
My project uses a Markov Matrix to dictate with dance move comes next.

Set up and Run!
- All you need to do is download a Java IDE, clone my repo, and run it. 

Personally Meaningful:
- All my life I have danced. I was put into ballet essentially when I was able to walk. And even 
more that that, I huge love of mine is choreographing dance and movement. However, choreograping
movement can present difficulties when you feel like you are constantly repeating the same 
movements. So in this project, I have created a computer generated dance! You are give five dance
moves and the program will randomly generate a dance for you and therefore, choreograph a sequence!
The thought is people could learn a new dance from these images and on a greater scale they could
learn a whole dance from them. It is also important to note that I based the probabilities on how 
likely I there certain dance moves are to come after one another. I used what I learned in 
traditional ballet to help make those assumptions. 

Struggles:
- I had hoped to do this project with actual images - sadly, I had some technical issues with 
downloading new softwares. I have often found that this is one of the hardest, if not the 
hardest, part of computer science for me. I thought the coding itself wasn't too complex but
trying to find the best pdf manipulator was extremely difficult. I think the next steps going 
forward would definitely be to purge my disk of unnecessary applications so that I have more
storage space and would be able to download these applications.
- HOWEVER, once I realized that it looked like I wasn't going to be able to get a pdf application
to actually work, I was able to get creative!! I was thinking how can I do this on my own without
any outside applications. I decided to combine my passion for both Math, CS, and Dance by using 
Binary representation (■ □) to display the images of dancers! I actually think this is a better
representation of who I am as a person because it combines my love for computer science as well
as dance!! (I have always been fascinated with digital recognition - so this reminded me of that
as well.)
- Aside from the software, I think the next steps would be to increase the number of dance moves.
If I were able to scale it up, to perhaps 40 or 50. You would be able to have 5 minute long 
choreography that you could learn and help improvise with!

Creative System?
- This is a tough question. I do believe my system is partially creative because it is generating new 
and random dance sequences. However, I am giving it certain dance moves to do as well so perhaps
these moves aren't completely unique. I think I would conclude that my system is partially creative 
because it does generate a random dance but it is based on a set of moves. 

Sources:
- I talked with Nell and Irene. 
- To produce my images, I used: https://www.dcode.fr/binary-image